The website ‘fareclubs.com’ has been designed to serve and assist customers across the globe in booking the cheapest flights to anywhere in India. By using the website, you agree to adhere to and be bound by the terms and conditions laid down in this User Agreement ("Agreement").
This Agreement is entered into by and between you and RNR Travel Tech Pvt. Limited (“Company”).
This Agreement shall apply to any person ("User") who purchases or intends to purchase or inquiries about the services or products offered by RNR Travel Tech Pvt. Limited through its online channels, including its website (fareclubs.com), mobile app, mobile site, or offline channels, including call centers and offices (referred to collectively as "Sales Channels").
Each of User and the Company are individually referred to as “Party” and collectively as “Parties”.
ELIGIBILITY TO USE The User must have attained the age of “Majority”, i.e., 18 years of age, as defined under the Indian Majority Act, 1875, and must possess the legal authority to create a binding legal obligation by entering into this Agreement. If you are a minor, i.e., below the age of 18 years, you shall not register as a User of the website and shall not transact on or use the website. The Company reserves the right to terminate your membership and/or block your access to the website in case it is discovered by the Company that you are a minor or incompetent to enter into this Agreement or if any information concerning your age is false. For the purposes of the Agreement, a "competent person" is defined as someone who satisfies all of the requirements outlined in Section 11 of the Indian Contract Act of 1872. The User hereby accepts and acknowledges that before enquiring about or using any of the Company's services, the User must read and agree to all of the terms and conditions outlined in this Agreement. If the User does not intend to comply with the terms and conditions set out herein, the User shall not approach the Company for any of the services that it provides.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS The User hereby agrees that all the content, which includes but is not limited to logos, images, audios, software, text, icons, or any other such content (“Content”), are owned by the Company, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by the relevant and applicable Intellectual Property Law. The Company does not grant the User a license, right, or authority to use such proprietary logos, service marks, or trademarks in any manner. Any unauthorized use of the Content will be in violation of the applicable laws. This Agreement permits you to use the website for your personal, non-commercial use only. The Company respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you notice any act of infringement on the Website, you are requested to send us a written notice or notification, which must include the following information:
●	clear identification of such copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
●	location of the material on the Website, including but not limited to the link of the infringing material;
●	The proof that the alleged copyrighted work is owned by you;
●	Contact information. The aforesaid notices can be sent to the Company by email at deepak@rnrtraveltech.com.
USAGE OF WEBSITE AND MOBILE APPLICATION The User hereby agrees that the website and the mobile application of the Company shall be used solely for lawful purposes. The User agrees that he or she will not download, exchange, or transfer any data from the website or the mobile application for personal, private, commercial, or public use. Some features will be restricted to registered Users only. To use certain features, the User needs to first register on the platforms and supply specific personal information. Some of the information requested by the Company will be mandatory or optional. The User hereby represents that the information given to the Company is true to the User’s belief and knowledge. This personal information will be gathered in compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company, which can be accessed at deepak@rnrtraveltech.com. When the Company deems it necessary, the Company retains the right to revoke access to the website or mobile application by cancelling this Agreement or any part of this Agreement without prior notification to the User. The Company will make every attempt to ensure that the content on its website and other platforms is free of viruses and malware. However, any data or information downloaded or otherwise acquired through the use of the website or mobile application is done completely at the User's own prerogative and risk, and they will be purely accountable for any harm to their computer systems or cellular phones, or destruction of information, or data loss that may consequence from such a download. The Company believes in optimum User satisfaction and will make changes to the Website and Mobile Application to achieve this goal. However, if any User believes that certain improvements can be made to the website or mobile application, or if the User is of the opinion that certain content is objectionable or offensive, then such a User can approach the Company at the following email address: deepak@rnrtraveltech.com. On receiving such a complaint, the company reserves the right to look into the matter and investigate it as it deems appropriate.
BOOKING BY TRAVEL AGENTS All travel agents, tour operators, consolidators, or aggregators (hereinafter referred to as “Travel Agents”) are not permitted to use the website or mobile application of the Company for commercial or resale purposes unless they have previously registered with the company as B2B agents, priority partners, or franchisees and have received explicit permission from the Company. If the Company discovers that the User has violated the preceding clause in any way, the Company reserves the right to terminate this Agreement, block the user, or withhold payments to travel agents or any other funds that it deems necessary, all without prior notice. The liability arising from the present clause is completely the responsibility of the Travel Agents, and the Company cannot be held liable for such liability in any way. All discounts and offers mentioned on the website or mobile application are only valid for legitimate bookings made by the Users of the Company.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY Except if the Company expressly operates as a reseller in certain circumstances, the Company always serves as an intermediary by linking the User with the individual service providers, which include, but are not limited to, airlines, hotels, restaurants, bus operators, and so on (collectively referred to as “Service Providers”). The Company's obligation is confined to supplying the customer with a verified booking based on the User's preferences. That in the event that the User encounters problems while availing of the services, the Company will not be held responsible or accountable in any way; only the Service Provider would be held liable or accountable. By using the website or mobile application, the User understands and agrees that the Company is solely acting as an intermediary between the User and the Service Providers by providing the technological platform. That the User understands that the information published on the Website or Mobile Application is provided by the Service Providers, and that if such information is inaccurate, incomplete, or completely untrue in any way, the Company will not be held liable for any breach resulting from such actions of the Service Providers.
USER’S RESPONSIBILITY The User hereby acknowledges and accepts that the User will read and understand all of the terms and conditions outlined in the Agreement, as well as any other policies published by the Company on the platforms. That if the User makes a booking on the platforms on behalf of another person or a third party, the User is solely responsible for communicating and ensuring that such person understands the terms stipulated in this Agreement and all subsequent policies and agreements published on the platforms. That by accessing the platforms the User gives the Company the right to message or call or intimate the User through any medium. The User also authorises the Company's representative to contact him or her via phone, text message, or email. This consent supersedes any choices established by the User via the National Consumer Preference Registry (NCPR) or other comparable preferences.
SECURITY AND ACCOUNT-RELATED INFORMATION That the User hereby agrees to protect the account-related information, including but not limited to the username, password, and any other confidential information, at all costs. That the User hereby agrees that if the User fails to take sufficient efforts to secure such account-related information, the User will notify the Company at deepak@rnrtraveltech.com as soon as possible. In accordance with existing laws and regulations, the Company secures and encrypts any data relating to credit cards, debit cards, bank information, and so on. However, in situations of fraud detection, giving credit bookings, and so on, the Company may check some information about its Users, such as their credit score, as and when necessary. In circumstances where the Company contracts third parties to execute certain responsibilities on its behalf, the Company has the right to disclose the User’s personal information to any third party in an anonymized form. This disclosure of information shall be carried out in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. To safeguard the information submitted by the User, the Company employs the best industry standards. However, the Company cannot guarantee that there will never be a security breach in its systems, which might affect the User's information as well. That if a law enforcement agency or a court of law demands such personal information about the User, the Company maintains the right to send such information without the User's permission and consent. The Company is under no obligation to notify the user of the same.
FEES AND PAYMENT In addition to the reservation fee paid to the Service Providers, the Company maintains the right to levy additional costs in the form of convenience or service charges. The Company also maintains the right to change any and all charges at any point. Any such extra fees, including fees for changes to the booking, shall be disclosed to the User prior to completing the booking or accepting payments from such User. In the event that the reservation amount, taxes, statutory fee, convenience fee, and so on are undercharged due to a technical mistake and perhaps other reasons, the Company reserves the right to recoup, charge, or claim the remaining payment from the User, and the User consents to paying such a remaining balance to the Company. If the short charge is claimed prior to the booking's use, the Company reserves the right to terminate such bookings if the balance is not paid before the utilization date. Any increase in the Company's pricing due to a change in tax rates or the application of additional taxes collected by the government must be paid by the User. Taxes and levies can be imposed without warning or in hindsight, but they must always be in compliance with the law. In the unlikely event that a booking is not completed for whatever cause, the Company will arrange a refund of the reservation fee given by the User and notify the User of the same. The Company is not required to offer an alternative reservation in place of, refund against, or replace the unconfirmed reservation. All future reservations will be regarded as separate transactions. Any relevant refunds will be executed in accordance with the service provider's and the Company's respective rules and policies. The User is solely liable for any costs, charges, levies, fees, and assessments incurred as a result of using the service, in accordance with relevant laws. The User hereby agrees and acknowledges that all transactions, including but not limited to accepting payment for services rendered, are accepted by the Company in the Company's account only, and the Company has not authorised its employees, representatives, agents, or any other party to receive any amount in any other account other than the Company's accounts. The Company will not be held accountable in any way if the User transfers money into the personal account of another individual. The User shall not reveal any of his personal sensitive information, including but not limited to credit or debit card number, CVV, OTP, card expiry date, user IDs, passwords, and so on, to anyone, including the Company's representatives, staff, or consultants. If such information is requested by any of the aforementioned individuals, the User must notify the Company promptly. The Company will not be liable for any losses incurred by the User as a result of disclosing the aforementioned information. If a refund is granted, it will be made only to the account from which the booking was made.
SPECIAL FARE RESTRICTIONS Special fare always non-refundable & non changeable.
INSURANCE Obtaining adequate insurance coverage is the User's responsibility unless specifically supplied by the Company for any particular service or deliverable. Any claims stemming from such circumstances would be rejected by the Company. Insurance, if supplied as part of the Company's service or product, shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the third-party insurance company. The Company just serves as a conduit between the User and the Insurance Company. For any claims or complaints, the User must contact the Insurance Company immediately. The Company will not be held accountable if the Insurance Company only partially accepts or denies the claims.
COMPLIANCE OF LIBERALIZED REMITTANCE SCHEME (LRS) The RBI requires PAN information for all transactions conducted under the Liberalized Remittance Scheme (LRS), which includes any overseas bookings made on the platforms. The User declares and affirms that the PAN data of the User/traveller will be supplied either during the time of making the reservation or once the reservation is done. In the event that the traveller is a minor, the Company reserves the right to demand the PAN of the minor's parent or legal guardian. The User additionally agrees that failing to adhere to this criteria may lead to the booking being cancelled. The User guarantees and acknowledges that the overall amount of foreign exchange acquired or sent in India during the present fiscal year (including the current transaction) is within the RBI's permissible limit. If the limit is exceeded before the actual remittance request is granted by the AD Bank, the Company is required to cancel the booking in conformity with the law and issue a refund in accordance with the cancellation policy applicable to said booking. The User further acknowledges that any foreign exchange obtained for the purposes of overseas travel under the present reservation will be used for the above-mentioned purpose. The User approves the Company to recover the User’s PAN information from the User's profile, prior reservations, or share the User’s data with third parties for the primary intent of accumulating or validating PAN specifics for the specified purposes in this Agreement. The Company does not gather the User’s PAN information without the User’s permission. If the User desires to choose out of supplying the very same, or if it has previously been supplied, the User can do so by accessing the profile information via the desktop. The User authorises the Company to share User data with third parties in order to collect or validate the User's PAN details.
VISA OBLIGATIONS Foreign reservations made via the Company are subject to visa requirements, which includes but are not limited to transit visas, which the User must achieve in accordance with the criteria of their travel reservations and the requirements of the nations the individual wishes to visit or transit through. The Company assumes no liability for any challenges, which include the impossibility to travel, arising from such visa restrictions and is also not obligated to return any amount to the User for being unable to use the reservation because of the absence or denial of a visa, regardless of whether the User used the Company's services for the visa process as well. Refunds, if any, will be made in accordance with the provisions of the booking and cancellation policies.
COMPLIANCE WITH TAX COLLECTED AT SOURCE The User expressly agrees to pay the tax collected at source (“TCS”) on any reservations made through the platforms. The tax shall be collected by the Company in compliance with the Income Tax Act of 1961. In the event the user wishes to opt for an "International Travel Package", then the User hereby agrees that the User is under an obligation to furnish his or her PAN details. Such PAN details provided to the Company shall only be used for the TCS compliances specified in the Income Tax Act of 1961. The User accepts that if the PAN is discovered to be incorrect or does not pertain to the User, the Company is legally obligated to revoke the reservation and execute the refund in accordance with the refund policy.
FORCE MAJEURE The User hereby accepts and recognises that the Company shall not be held accountable or liable if such service cannot be delivered due to circumstances beyond the control of the Company or Service Providers. Acts of God, pandemics, epidemics, terrorist operations, government decisions, and so on are examples of such scenarios. If the Company becomes aware of any of the aforementioned cases where bookings are not honored, it will use its best efforts to provide a comparable alternative to the User or reimburse the booking money after deducting relevant service costs, if supported and returned by that specific Service Provider. The User acknowledges that the Company, as a simple conduit of the services and products booked, cannot be held liable for any such Force Majeure event. For any additional resolutions or reimbursements, the User must contact the Service Provider directly. If a booking is not confirmed due to technical challenges, the User accepts that the Company's liability is restricted to reimbursing the reservation payment, if any, received from the User. This refund will completely absolve the company of all liabilities stemming from the transaction. Any additional liabilities incurred must be met entirely by the User.
ADVERTISEMENTS ON THE COMPANY’S WEBSITE AND RELATED SITES Third-party websites may be linked to the company's website. However, the company has no control over such websites and accepts no responsibility for their content. If a User visits a third-party website, the User does so solely at his or her own risk, and the Company accepts no obligation for the same. The Company is not liable for any mistakes, omissions, or statements on any of its sites, links, or connected website pages, unless such information is updated or given promptly by the Service Providers or advertising. The Company in no way endorses any advertising on its website or other connected sites. Users are recommended to double-check the accuracy of any information supplied on third-party web pages. The User understands and recognises that the Company has no control over the sites connected to the Company's website and that the user will not hold the Company accountable if any liability emerges from the linked websites.
RIGHT TO CANCEL The User explicitly agrees to supply the Company with accurate and up-to-date information when using the Website in accordance with the Agreement, and not to make any false or misleading statements. Any failure on the side of the User would bar the User from using the Company's services. If the Company or any of its representatives discovers or believes that the information provided by the user is false, frivolous, misleading, or inaccurate, including reservations made on behalf of another person, the company reserves the right not only to terminate the Agreement but also to initiate legal proceedings against the user in any manner the Company deems appropriate. The Company shall not be held accountable in any way for any liability arising out of the circumstances listed in the previous sub-clause. If any law enforcement agency, government agency, statutory authority established by legislation, or court of law orders the Company to cancel any User's booking, the Company reserves the right to cancel the booking without requiring the User's consent. In such cases, the Company is also not required to notify the User of the cancellation. The User shall not hold the Company accountable for any loss or damage caused by the Company's steps to safeguard its own and other authentic customers' interests. This includes the Company refusing or cancelling any bookings based on potential fraudulent transactions.
SPAMMING AND PHISHING That the User hereby agrees and accepts that the Company has not permitted its authorised representatives or employees to solicit financial information from the User, including but not limited to debit card details, credit card details, CVV numbers, net banking details, or any other sensitive information. That the user will not only hold the company liable if a third party approaches the User and asks the user to transfer funds into an account not in the Company's name. That the Company's authorised agents or employees will never request that the User install third-party programmes. That if the User believes that the Company's authorised representatives or employees have requested him or her to install a third-party application, the User must immediately notify the Company. That in the event of the aforementioned circumstances, the User must contact the Company immediately at deepak@rnrtraveltech.com.
RIGHT TO REFUSE The Company reserves the right to accept or reject the User's booking without providing a reason. The Company will not release or share the reservation confirmation data with the User until the Company receives the advance payment, which includes all relevant taxes and fees. In the following circumstances, the Company reserves the right to restrict or suspend the User's account or refuse to grant the User access to the website or mobile application:
●	If the User breaches any of the terms and conditions of the End-User Agreement or any other agreements published on the sites.
●	If the User presents the Company with incorrect and erroneous information.
●	If the Company believes that the User's behaviour may result in a violation of the terms and conditions established in the Agreement or any of the agreements or policies published on the platforms. That if the User's account is revoked or blocked for the reasons stated in the previous sub-clause, the User should not attempt to create a new account or register with different credentials on the platforms. If the User breaches this sub-clause, the Company has the right to take legal action against the User in any manner deemed suitable by the Company. The User hereby agrees that the User shall not write or submit any such content to the Company, nor should the User interact with the Company using the following language or content:
●	which is prohibited under the law;
●	which is in any way offensive, derogatory, libellous, abusive, vulgar, obscene, illicit, sexually elicited, or objectionable in any other manner.
●	which infringes the intellectual property rights of any third party. That the Company reserves the right to litigate the User if the User violates any of the terms and conditions outlined in this clause. If the Service Provider refuses to offer the services to the User for reasons such as public safety, health risks, epidemics, pandemics, behavioral disorders, and so on, the User will not hold the Company accountable. The User understands and agrees that the Company is only acting as a go-between the User and the Service Provider. For the purposes of this subclause, "services" comprise both those that the Company can and cannot manage.
INDEMNIFICATION The User agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, lawful successors, and assigns from and against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages, costs, and expenses (including legal fees and disbursements in connection therewith and interest chargeable thereon) asserted against or incurred by such indemnified persons and arising out of, resulting from, or payable as a result of any breach under the Agreement and all other agreements published on the platforms of the Company. That if the User violates the laws of any jurisdiction, the Company will not be held accountable for such violation.
CONDITIONS RELATED TO FLIGHT TICKETS The Company merely serves as an intermediary between the User and the Airlines, and all of the Airlines' terms and conditions, including all of the Airlines' policies, apply to the User. Airlines have the right to rearrange flight timings, alter or cancel flights or itineraries without prior notice to the Company. As an intermediary, the Company has no influence or power over the operations of the airlines and is thus not responsible for any injury, direct or indirect, that a User may suffer as a result of such a flight alteration or cancellation. Different airfares may have different limits or contain different amenities and prices. The luggage allowance on a given ticket is determined by the airline, and the Company has no say in the matter whatsoever. Some of the rates displayed in the purchasing flow are "hand baggage fares," which do not qualify the User for complimentary check-in luggage and must therefore be paid for separately. The cost of adding check-in luggage to a reservation varies per airline. The User is encouraged to contact the airlines for specific pricing. That in the Airlines industry, different airlines enter into a code-sharing arrangement. For the purposes of this clause, the term "Code-Share" means a marketing arrangement where an airline places its designator code on a flight operated by another airline and then sells tickets for that flight. In cases where the user's flight is a "code-share," the User must be notified as soon as possible. That the indication referred to in the previous subclause shall be issued only after the airline has informed the Company of the same. The final price indicated on the payment page of the Website and Mobile Application primarily involves the base price, relevant government taxes, and a convenience charge. Prior to the completion of their booking, User shall pay the complete price in relation to the booking. The Company retains the right to cancel the reservation if the User does not deposit the total amount. On the day of travel, the User undertakes to pay all relevant statutory taxes, surcharges, and fees. To qualify for infant prices, the child must be under the age of 24 months for the full route. This includes both departure and return trips. If the child is 24 months or older on the return journey, the User must make a separate reservation using a child fee. Infants and children must be accompanied by an adult, according to airline rules, and shall follow all applicable rules. That the User always ensures that he or she has all of the documentation required by the airlines. If the User makes a booking on behalf of another passenger, the User must personally ensure that the traveller has all necessary documentation. The Company will not be held accountable in any way if the User is unable to travel due to a lack of valid documentation. The User is required to check in at the airport at the time specified by the airline, and it is the User's sole responsibility to confirm the appropriate check-in timings with the airline. If the User wishes to make changes to previously booked reservations, the User must do so in accordance with the airline's policies. If the User is required to pay an additional sum as a result of a change in the reservations, the User is obligated to pay the same. Refunds will be issued in accordance with the airline's pricing restrictions and cancellation policy. Such refunds are contingent on the Company obtaining them from the airlines. The convenience charge paid to the Company at the time of booking, on the other hand, is non-refundable. All cancellations made directly with the airline must be communicated to the Company in order for the refund procedure to begin. Refund processing times may vary based on the manner of payment, bank, and so on. The refund will be executed once the Company service fee, which is separate from the convenience fee specified above, has been deducted.
CONDITIONS RELATED TO CHARTER The booking or hiring of an entire jet, aircraft, or helicopter as available with the charter company is referred to as a charter facility. The Charter facility booked via the Website or Mobile Application is subject to the Charter Company's terms and conditions, which includes but are not restricted to cancellation and refund. This will be communicated to the User both during the booking process and via the booking confirmation voucher. The User agrees that the Company just serves as a conduit for the User to book a Charter. The service contract is always between the User and the pertinent Charter Company. The charter booking will be controlled by the Charter Company's agreements, and the Charter Company retains the right to cancel or postpone the charter scheduled due to circumstances such as inclement weather, lockdown, operational needs, or any unexpected technical/mechanical fault. An alternate charter is subject to availability and is entirely at the discretion of the Charter Company, over which the Company has no authority. Any fare difference will be invoiced based on the fare in effect at the time of rescheduling the charter flight. Carry-on luggage/baggage allowance, boarding and lodging facilities, number of passengers, meals, and so on are subject to the charter company's rules, and the Company has no say in the matter. The Company may enable communication on the User's demands to the Charter Company; although, fulfilment of those requests is exclusively the Charter Company's discretion. Any modifications to an existing booking will be subject to the Charter Company's charges. In the case of a change or modification to an existing reservation, the User is required to pay the necessary charges as applicable. The User acknowledges that the Charter Company requires passenger names, nationality, passport numbers, dates of issuance and expiration, medical reports, and other information well in advance in order to secure appropriate security clearances and to fly. User further acknowledges that any inability to travel owing to a lack of proper travel papers or refusal to board is completely the User's fault, and the Company accepts no responsibility for the same. Refunds will be issued in accordance with the Charter fare regulations and cancellation policy. Such reimbursements are conditional on the Company obtaining them from the Charter Company. The convenience charge paid to the Company at the time of booking is non-refundable. The refund will be credited to the same account that was used to make the payment.
CONDITIONS RELATED TO HOTELS The Company just acts as an intermediary, providing a technological medium for the User to pick and book a certain hotel. In this sense, hotels cover all types of lodgings, including hotels, homestays, bed and breakfast stays, farm houses, and any other alternative accommodations. All information about the hotel, including the hotel's categorization, pictures, room type, services, and facilities, is based on information supplied by the hotel to the Company. This material is mainly for reference purposes. Any disparity between the website photographs and the real hotel settings must be reported with the hotel directly and addressed between the User and the hotel. The Company will bear no obligation or liability for any differences during the resolution stage. The hotel booking voucher that the Company delivers to a User is completely dependent on the information furnished or updated by the hotel to the Company. The Company will not be held accountable under any situations for a hotel's inability to entertain the User with a scheduled reservation, the level of service, any inadequacy in the services, or any other service-related difficulties at the hotel. The Company's responsibility in the event of a hotel denying check-in for any cause, including over-booking, system or technical errors, or unavailability of rooms, etc., will be confined to either offering an equivalent alterative accommodation at the Company's prerogative, or reimbursing the booking sum (to the extent paid) to the User. Any other service-related concerns must be handled directly between the User and the hotel. The hotel has sole admission authority, and the Company has no influence in the hotel's admittance or denial of admission. Some hotels may not allow unmarried or unrelated couples to check in, depending on their policy. Similarly, if appropriate evidence of identification is not produced at the time of check-in, lodging may be refused to guests posing as a couple. Some hotels may also refuse to accept local residents as guests. The Company shall not be liable for any check-in rejected by the hotel owing to the aforementioned reasons or any other cause beyond the Company's control. There would be no reimbursement if the hotel refused check-in under such conditions. The User hereby accepts and agrees that the User would be obliged to make good any damage(s) caused to the hotel's property by any conduct of his/her/their accompanying guests which shall include the damage caused wilfully or due to negligence. The degree and cost of the damages would be assessed by the hotel in question. The Company would not intervene in this matter in any manner. To check into the hotel, the primary guest must be at least 18 years old. At the time of check-in, the User must present a valid identification and address certificate. The hotel reserves the right to refuse a User's check-in if a proper identity proof is not supplied at the time of check-in or the said proof is deemed to be untrue. Check-in and check-out times, as well as any modifications to those times, are subject to hotel policy and terms. Reservations for early check-in or late check-out are dependent on availability, and the hotel may impose an extra cost for such services. The booking fee paid by the User is exclusively for the User’s stay at the hotel. Some reservations may include breakfast and/or meals, which will be verified at the time of booking. Any other services used by the User at the hotel, such as laundry, room service, internet, telephone, extra food, drinks, beverages, and so on, must be paid for directly by the User to the hotel, and the User cannot approach the Company for a waiver of such charges or a refund of any kind. The payment towards the booking of the hotel can be done in two ways, i.e., “prepaid” and “pay at hotel”. The complete booking amount is paid by the User at the time of booking in the "Prepaid" model. This total booking cost comprises the hotel booking rate, tariffs, any service charge levied by the genuine service provider, and any extra service charges or convenience fees levied by the Company. On a case-by-case basis, and at the sole discretion of the hotel or the Company, the User may be given the option to submit a partial payment to the Company at the time of booking confirmation. The rest of the booking money must be paid in accordance with the terms of the booking. For security reasons, the User must supply the Company with accurate credit or debit card information. If the bank or credit card information provided by the User is found to be incorrect, the company reserves the right to cancel the booking and pursue any legal action it deems appropriate. The "Pay at hotel" model requires the hotel to receive the complete money for the reservation at the time of check-in. In the event of overseas reservations, the payment will be processed in local currency or any other denomination that the hotel determines. For security reasons, the User must supply the Company with accurate credit or debit card information. If the bank or credit card information provided by the User is found to be incorrect, the company reserves the right to cancel the booking and pursue any legal action it deems appropriate.
CONDITIONS RELATED TO BUS The Company exclusively offers a technological platform that links prospective passengers with bus operators. It does not run buses or provide transportation services to the User. In addition, when delivering the aforementioned technological platform services, the Company does not serve as an agent or affiliate of any bus operator. The bus ticket booking voucher that the Company gives to a User is exclusively dependent on seat availability information given or updated by the bus operator. The bus operator provides the facilities, services, routes, rates, timetable, bus type, seat availability, and any other facts relevant to the bus service, and the Company has no influence over such information. The Company, in its capacity as a technological platform that facilitates transactions between bus operators and Users, shall not be liable for the bus operator's activities, including but not limited to the following:
●	Departure and Arrival;
●	The conduct of the bus operator, which includes its employees, representatives, and agents.
●	The bus's condition, including seats, is not up to the customer's expectations or the description supplied by the bus operator;
●	The bus driver, for whatever reason, swapping a customer's seat;
●	Trip cancellation for whatever cause;
●	Loss or damage to the User's luggage;
●	Bus operator using a separate pick-up vehicle to transport the User from the designated boarding point to the actual place of departure of the bus.
●	The bus operator advising the Company of an inaccurate boarding point for the purposes of issuing the booking confirmation voucher, or eventually modifying such boarding point with or without notification to the Company or the User; Users are urged to contact the bus operator to determine the precise boarding place and any other information required for boarding or travelling on that trip. Users must present a copy of their reservation as well as any valid identification document, such as an Aadhaar card, passport, PAN card, voter identification card, or any other proof of identity issued by a government body, upon boarding the bus. Users must be at the boarding location at least 30 minutes before the planned departure time. All issued tickets are non-transferable. If they are accompanied by a minor over the age of 5, the User shall buy a bus ticket at the standard rate, unless the policies and guidelines of a specific bus operator state otherwise. Tickets can be cancelled by going onto the Company's website or mobile app, or by dialling the customer support number. Cancellations are subject to the cancellation fees specified on the ticket.
CONDITIONS RELATED TO TRAIN The Company just serves as a facilitator for railway ticket booking, offering prospective passengers a platform to look for desired train tickets to be bought through IRCTC. All reservations or train bookings made via the Company are subject to the policies and conditions of the Indian Railways. The company has no influence over the booking sequence, scheduling or rescheduling, cancellations, RAC to confirmed confirmations, delays, meal and berth selections, or any other service flaw or lack thereof. If any responsibility exists for the preceding, it is against Indian Railways and not the Company. The website does not accept changes to the passenger's boarding point or name. Please read on for more information about ticket modifications at https://www.services.irctc.co.in/beta_htmls/Eticket_new_cancel.html E-tickets are booked and issued through Indian Railways only. A booking can have a maximum of six seats/berths. Indian Railways allocates seats and berths based on its allocation methodology. The Company cannot guarantee the allocation of a preferred seat/berth. Users will be instantly sent to the www.irctc.co.in website/app throughout the e-ticket booking process to enter their IRCTC login credentials. To schedule trains on the Company's website, travellers must know their IRCTC login and password. Passengers must have acceptable identification with them when travelling or boarding the train. The service fees charged by the Company are non-refundable. Cancellations may only be made through the app or the website; no offline cancellations are accepted. Bookings placed on the Company's website are subject to the Indian Railways' cancellation policy and costs. It varies according to the cancellation time and booking quota (tatkal/ general/ ladies/ premium, and so forth). After chart creation, railways immediately cancel completely waitlisted e-tickets. After the Company's costs are subtracted, the refund is instantly transferred to the bank account used to purchase the reservations. Senior citizens, female travellers, and children may be eligible for special concessions or reductions from the railways. The quantity and scope of the concession are not determined by the Company. Customers are recommended to review the most recent railway regulations for eligible discounts. For all relevant information or queries regarding your bookings, please visit www.irctc.co.in or http://www.indianrail.gov.in.
CONDITIONS RELATED TO CABS For the purposes of the Agreement, the term "Cab" shall include any vehicles utilised to carry passengers to their preferred location. For the purposes of the Agreement, "Cab Operator" refers to any organization or person/s that supply their cars as well as their drivers. That the Company provides the following cab-related services:
●	Outstation Cabs: This allows the User(s) to book vehicles run by cab operators that have an All-India Tourist Permit (AITP) and are travelling between two cities. The Company, as a facilitator, links the User with the relevant cab operator based on the User's request.
●	Rental Cab: This enables the User to rent or hire vehicles maintained by AITP-licensed cabs. This service will be provided on an exclusive basis for both interstate and intracity travel by hiring the full vehicle of the cab/taxi operators.
●	Airport Drop: This will only serve the needs of airport Users travelling to and from the airport. The service offered is intracity in nature and will not help the customer arrange interstate airport transfers. The Company does not have its own taxi service. It has partnered with several Cab operators in order to give Users with a complete selection of taxi service, cab types, and pricing. The Company solely serves as a middleman between the Cab Operator and the User. Always, the transaction is between the Cab Operator and the User. It is the Cab Operator's entire obligation to ensure that it has all of the necessary licences, permissions, insurance, and permits from the authorised authorities to carry out the journey booked. The Company makes no promise or assurance on the licences, approvals, insurance, and permits that the Cab Operator must get from the authorised authorities. The Company shall not be liable in any way for any claims relating to the trip, including, without limitation, claims relating to timeliness, safety, continuity, uninterrupted travel, quality, conditions of the vehicle or driving skill, the Cab not departing or arriving on time, the cab driver's behaviour, the interiors of the Cab, the Cab Operator cancelling the trip for any reason whatsoever, and the User's baggage being lost, stolen, or damaged. In no event shall the company be liable for any loss or damage resulting from the information accessed by the User on the Website or Mobile Application that was provided to the Company by the Cab Operator. If the cab breaks down or is involved in an accident and the cab operator is unable to make other arrangements, the Company will reimburse the User for the uncovered distance. Any claims, liabilities, or legal fees resulting from such an occurrence are the responsibility of the Cab Operator, and the Company shall not be held liable in any manner whatsoever. Booking a cab might be "Prepaid" or "Part Payment," depending on the alternatives provided by the cab operator on the Company's Website. The complete booking amount is paid by the User at the time of booking in the "prepaid" model. The basic fare, relevant taxes, and any additional booking costs, service fees, or convenience fees levied by the Company are all included in the total booking amount. The "Part Payment" approach requires the User to pay a part of the whole booking price at the time of reservation, and the remainder payment is paid upfront to the driver at the time of boarding. The booking fee paid for car rental and outstation cab bookings does not cover toll charges, state taxes, traveller taxes, or any other relevant levies, which must be incurred by the User. Tolls, permit costs, parking costs, entrance fees, service charges, and any other government taxes imposed by the authorities must be incurred by the User and paid upfront to the driver. Unless otherwise specified, the estimated cost offered at the time of booking is not to be considered as the final pricing for your trip. The total cost of your journey will be determined on actual use (number of Kilometres and hours). For both within-city and out-of-city trips, distance and duration are computed from garage to garage rather than from the User's pick-up location. Where appropriate, the trip allowance must be paid directly to the driver. Before taking the Cab, the User must bring a valid picture ID proof with them and display it to the Cab Operator or driver. In the case of a discrepancy in the User's or traveller’s identification, the Cab Operator or driver of the Cab may deny entry to such person at their choice. Changes to the departure time, boarding point, or dropping point are not authorised once a trip has been scheduled by the User. The User is accountable and liable for their personal luggage's protection and safety. In no case shall the Company be responsible for any damage to the User or their baggage. The travel should be done in the User's own capacity and should not be utilised for commercial gain in any way. The User must arrive at the pickup location as soon as possible and ensure that all of the terms and conditions are followed. The User shall not, for any reason, request that the Cab Operator break any traffic regulations, city police or government rules, or other relevant laws.
CONDITIONS RELATED TO UPI The Company solely acts as a Third-Party Application Provider (hereinafter referred to as “the TPAP”). The Company is a TPAP approved by NPCI to accept transactions from PSP Bank (s). Axis Bank and HDFC Bank will serve as the PSP for this reason. The Company is a service provider that uses UPI via the PSP Bank. The Company, RNR Travel Tech Pvt. Limited, and NPCI established an arrangement in which the company will assist consumer issues, complaints, and resolution using our UPI application. The Company will be the primary point of reference for any UPI-related concerns and grievances for its UPI clients. If the issue or grievance is not satisfied, the user may raise the matter to Axis Bank or HDFC Bank, then to the user's bank (connected to the UPI account), and finally to NPCI, in that sequence. If the user remains unsatisfied, he or she may contact the financial authorities and/or the ombudsman for digital complaints, as applicable. FAQs
●	What is the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI)?: The National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) is an approved transaction platform run by the Reserve Bank of India. The UPI payments platform is owned and operated by NPCI.
●	What is PSP Bank?: The term “PSP” stands for Payment Service Provider. A PSP Bank is a financial institution that has been allowed to function as a service provider on the UPI network. To deliver UPI services to an end-user, PSP works with a TPAP.
●	What are TPAPs?: A TPAP is a company that distributes UPI-compliant applications to its customers in order to support UPI-based payment activities.
●	What is the Customer's Bank?: It is the institution to whom the end-user client has a connected accounts for the function of making or receiving the UPI payment transactions.
●	What an User Customer?: An User customer is an individual who sends and receives money using the UPI payment service.
The following are the terms and conditions related to the use of UPI: Roles & Responsibilities of NPCI
●	NPCI establishes rules, standards, norms, and the relative duties, obligations, and liabilities of UPI participants. This also comprises process transactions and resolution, grievance redressal, and settlement clearance cut-offs.
●	The involvement of issuing banks, PSP financial institutions, TPAP, and prepaid payment instrument issuers (PPIs) in UPI is approved by NPCI.
●	NPCI strives to provide its Users with a secure, malware-free, and well-structured UPI system.
●	NPCI offers online payment routing, monitoring, and resolution services to UPI participants.
●	NPCI may undertake an assessment on UPI members, either independently or through a third party, and request data, information, and documents pertaining to their involvement in UPI.
●	The NPCI gives banks that participate in UPI access to a platform where they may obtain information, raise chargebacks, and change the status of UPI transactions, among other things.
The following are the roles and responsibilities of PSP Bank:
●	PSP Bank is a UPI member and links to the UPI system to access the UPI payments facilities and supply it to the TPAP, allowing end-user consumers and businesses to make and receive UPI payments.
●	That the PSP Bank onboards and enrols User Customer on UPI, either via its own application or TPAP's mobile application, and ties their bank accounts to their individual UPI ID.
●	PSP Bank onboards and registers User Customers on UPI using its own app or TPAP's app, and connects their bank accounts to their individual UPI IDs.
●	PSP Bank is responsible for User Customer verification at the moment of signup, whether via its own app or TPAP's app.
●	PSP Bank works with and onboards TPAPs in order to make the TPAP's UPI app accessible to User Customers.
●	PSP Bank must verify that TPAP and its technologies are sufficiently secure to operate on the UPI network.
●	PSP Bank is accountable for assuring that the TPAP UPI app and infrastructure are inspected to ensure the confidentiality and authenticity of the User Customer's data or information, which shall include UPI transactional data and UPI app security.
●	PSP Bank is required to keep all transaction history, including UPI Transaction Data, exclusively in India for the aim of supporting UPI transactions.
●	PSP Bank is accountable for providing all UPI consumers with the opportunity of connecting their UPI ID to any bank account from the list of financial institutions available on the UPI network.
●	PSP Bank is in charge of establishing a grievance redressal procedure to resolve disputes and grievances filed by User Customers.
The following are the roles and responsibilities of TPAP:
●	TPAP is a service provider that uses UPI via PSP Bank.
●	TPAP is obligated to adhere to all PSP Bank and NPCI criteria for TPAP's engagement in UPI.
●	TPAP is in charge of making sure that its platforms are safe enough to operate on the UPI platform.
●	TPAP is accountable for adhering to all relevant laws, rules, policies, and guidelines, among other things, imposed by any legislative or regulatory body in respect to UPI and TPAP's involvement on the UPI network, including all circulars and rules published by NPCI in this respect.
●	Only in India must TPAP preserve all payment information, including UPI Transaction Data, acquired for the aim of supporting UPI transactions.
●	TPAP is responsible for allowing RBI, NPCI, and other organizations designated by RBI and NPCI to access TPAP's data, information, and systems pertaining to UPI, as well as conducting assessments of TPAP as needed by RBI and NPCI.
●	The TPAP should provide the User Customer with the opportunity of raising a complaint using the TPAP's grievance redressal facility made available through the TPAP's UPI app or website, as well as such other channels as the TPAP deems suitable, such as mail, messaging services, IVR, and so on.
The following are the terms for dispute resolution redressal:
●	Every User Customer can make a complaint about a UPI transaction on the PSP app, TPAP app, or NPCI by clicking on the link provided below: https://www.fareclubs.com/contactus
●	The User Customer can choose the appropriate UPI transactions and file a complaint about it.
●	All UPI-related concerns / complaints of User Customers on-boarded by the PSP Bank / TPAP must first be filed with the appropriate TPAP. If the issue or dispute remains uncertain, the PSP Bank will be the next level of escalation, following by the bank (where the end-user client has an account) and NPCI, in that order. Following the exercise of these alternatives, the end-user client may contact the Banking Authority and/or the Authority for Digital Complaints, as applicable.
●	Both sorts of activities, namely fund transfers and merchant transactions, might be subject to a complaint.
●	The PSP / TPAP should keep the User Customer updated by maintaining the progress of such an end-user customer's grievance on the appropriate application itself.
CONDITIONS RELATED TO ACTIVITIES AND OTHER SERVICES 'Activity' comprises day tours and sightseeing, spa and wellness, adventure sports, cruises, theme and funfairs, buffets and dining, and any other goods or services ordered through the Website. The supplier of the Activity shall be referred to as the 'Activity Provider,' and will be solely liable for the items and services booked by the User. The Company's function is confined to supporting the User's acquisition of an Activity service from the Activity Provider. The relationship of transaction or service fulfilment always exists between the User and the Activity Provider. Except as otherwise specified in the reservation confirmation, the Company will not offer pick-up and drop-off facilities for any Activity. The Company shall not be liable for the following:
●	Any damages or loss, injury, accident, death, breakdown, irregularity, delay or change in schedule, cancellation without cause, erroneous information, service/product inadequacy, or termination due to factors beyond Activity Provider's control;
●	The User's health, safety, and well-being while engaging in or after the activity;
●	Any incidental or auxiliary services paid directly to the Activity Provider by the User;
●	Any erroneous data supplied by the Activity Provider. The Company's maximum responsibility will only be limited to a reimbursement of the booking money that it has received for the reservations for the Activity. The User recognises that the following acts are the responsibility of the User:
●	In addition to the Company's User Agreement and terms of service, the User undertakes to abide by the terms and conditions of Activity Provider.
●	In order to take advantage of the Activity, the User must provide the booking/confirmation voucher supplied by the Company.
●	In order to use the booked Activity, the User must also have valid credentials, such as identification proof, address proof, a passport (if such activity is booked beyond the territory of India), or any other document requested by the Activity Provider.
●	Where necessary by the Activity Provider, the User may be necessitated to sign a waiver/consent form, a safety protocol form, a medical disclaimer, or other documentation before participating in the Activity.
●	Following the acceptance and confirmation of the booking, the User must contact the Activity Provider directly with any issues.
●	The User must ensure that he satisfies all of the eligibility criteria for participating in the activity, which include, but are not limited to, the age requirement, weight limit, medical issues, and so on. The User acknowledges that if he/she is deemed unsuitable or ineligible for the activity, the activity provider may or may not let him to participate.
●	Bookings are subjected to the Activity Provider's cancellation and refund policies, which might also vary from point to point. The Company maintains the right to levy convenience fees or other costs as it sees fit.
The following terms and conditions apply to the User in relation to special offers and coupons:
●	The Company's obligation is restricted to sharing the voucher with the User in exchange for payment from the User.
●	The User is responsible for redeeming the coupon, and the Activity Provider is responsible for providing the service.
●	The coupon's expiry date will be specified on the coupon, and the User won't be permitted to use the voucher beyond that date.
●	The coupon's expiration date will be indicated on the coupon, and the User is not permitted to use the coupon beyond that date.
●	The voucher cannot be returned or revoked once acquired.
VISA SERVICES The Company only serves as an intermediary for visa processing and is not liable in any way for the grant or denial of the user's visa. The issuance of a visa is solely at the discretion of the respective Embassy. The Company's services should not be interpreted or understood as Visa advising or consultation in any form since it operates on the user's instructions. The User agrees that the User is entirely responsible for understanding the visa criteria for the selected destination country or countries and instructing the Company appropriately to begin the visa application process. The Company's function is restricted to notifying the User about the documentation requirements for obtaining a visa in a given country or region or obtaining the papers submitted by the User, and submitting those documents to the appropriate embassy or high commission. The Company provides such criteria for making a visa application (including, but not limited to, documents, fees, and time periods) based on information supplied by the particular embassy or high-commission. The Company cannot and will not provide advice on the merit, completeness, appropriateness, or possibility of acceptance or denial of a visa application. The company may also provide information on the average time it takes for an embassy or high commission to process a visa application. However, it is the User's obligation to contact the Company for a visa application in a timely basis in order to acquire the visa before to the period of departure. Each nation has different passport and visa requirements. Certain countries, for example, need a certain number of blank pages in succession or a minimum balance length of the passport's validity. These specifications are set by the different governments and are subject to change at any time. While the Company will make every effort to provide its User(s) with accurate and up-to-date information, there may be times when the necessary information is not made accessible to the Company, and as a consequence, the Company may be unable to offer the same to its Users. In such instances, the Company will not be held liable for any errors or omissions in such information. The decision to grant or deny a visa is entirely at the discretion of the embassy or high commission to which the visa application is filed. The Company has no part in evaluating or approving the visa application. This acceptance or denial is based on a variety of variables, including the information supplied by the User, current or prior nationality, site of visa application, residency, gender, age, occupation, recent travel, and religion. At its own discretion, the concerned consulate, embassy, or high commission may summon the User for a face-to-face interview. The Company will not be involved in this procedure. The Company will, however, notify the User of the interview date, time, and any other criteria as specified by the relevant Embassy or High Commission. The Company may also employ third-party contractors to handle visa applications for other countries. These third-party contractors will be responsible for procuring visas for Users in the countries designated to them. When submitting a passport and filing for a visa, the Company must make all necessary efforts to guarantee that the passport is securely handed to the user. However, the Company will not be held accountable if the passport is misplaced or lost in transit by the logistical service provider. The nations with respect to which visa application services are available are listed in the visa section of both the Website and the Mobile Application. The list of nations is subject to alteration at the Company's discretion. The Company shall not be held accountable for any consulate, embassy, or authority's acts or actions in delaying or failing to issue the visa for any cause. In addition, the Company is not responsible for any incidental expenditures or additional costs by the User as a consequence of this agreement. Even if a visa is approved, the User may be denied entrance in some cases since local immigration officials have the last word on entry decisions. Certain nations may have extra requirements in addition to a Visa. For example, if the User(s) is travelling to Dubai, an "OK TO BOARD" clearance may be necessary. The user acknowledges that granting or rejecting "permission to board" is entirely at the discretion of the relevant airline or department, and the Company has no say in the matter. The Company only acts as an intermediary between the User and the relevant department/airline for the implementation of "OK TO BOARD." When applying for Visa or OK TO BOARD services, the user(s) must supply valid contact information, as these will be the only points of contact for a prompt update on the progress of their Visa or OK TO BOARD application. The User recognises that the following acts are the responsibility of the User:
●	By contracting the company to assist with the immigration process, the User grants the company permission to file the requisite visa application, as well as visa fees and embassy costs, with the pertinent embassy on his or her behalf.
●	The User agrees to immediately furnish the Company with the documents necessary for visa processing. The User also guarantees that the documentation supplied are authentic and that the information that the user has provided is accurate and correct. The Company accepts no responsibility for verifying the authenticity of the papers or information given.
●	The User(s) must also furnish the company with all essential and proper details in order to file a request for visa processing. Such information may also include, but is not confined to, the User's name, address, contact information, vacation destination, and any additional information deemed required by the Company with the intention of completing the User's visa application.
●	When the Company returns a User's passport and documents, it is the User's obligation to ensure that all necessary visas have been secured and that the information included within is valid and corresponds to their trip schedule. In addition, the User must ensure the personal information given on the visa.
●	In the event of refusal, if the User decides to reapply/appeal the visa's refusal, the Company will do so strictly in accordance with the User's instructions. The reapplying or appealing will be treated as a new activity, and the User will be required to pay the relevant fee as well as a service fee to the Company. Unless otherwise instructed by the User, the Company will not pursue any visa reapplication. In some situations, the Company's third-party vendor may reject to file the User's visa application based on the User's credentials, which may be decided based on the documentation supplied by the User. This will only be performed if the vendor believes that there is a significant chance of the visa being refused. If extra documents are necessary in such circumstances, the User will be notified, and the request will be sent only if such further documentation are presented and deemed to be in order. However, if the vendor does not file the application, the visa money will be returned, but the Company's service charge will continue to be non-refundable. The Company will ask the User a service charge to cover the expense of presenting the request to the respective embassy on the User's behalf. This service price is in additional to visa fees, embassy charges, and other comparable fees, under whatever name or as authorised by the particular embassy. When contracting the Company to perform visa-related services, the User shall deposit the service cost. The Company is not obligated to return the service costs for any cause, including if the User chooses not to complete the visa application or when the visa application is refused. In addition to the aforementioned service costs, any expenses for logistics, such as documentation collection, passport collection, courier expenses, and so on, or any additional expense spent by the Company outside of its ordinary area of activity must be independently charged to the Company by the User. Embassy fees, taxes, and other costs that are not under the Company's control are subject to change without prior notification by embassies or government agencies, and the Company cannot be held accountable for this. After the visa application is filed to the particular embassy, such fees, taxes, and other expenses are non-refundable. The preceding is in accordance with the guidelines of the particular embassy, and the Company has no influence over it.
OUTBOUND AND DOMESTIC TOURS The following are the definitions for the purposes of the present clause:
●	"Independent Contractors" refers to a hotelier or hotel operator, the owner of any airlines or shipping firm, the operator of a railway ferryboat, the owner of a coach, or any other individual or organisation chosen to provide services to the User.
●	"Outbound Tour" refers to a tour run by the Company beyond the territory India, which comprises, but is not restricted to, brochure tours, special tours, packages, cruises, sightseeing, carnivals, Cosmos, Star Cruise, and other similar activities.
●	The term "Tour Cost" refers to the total amount of all services purchased by the User for his/ her outbound tour.
●	"Booking Fees" refers to a non-refundable charge or token money deposited by the User at the time of booking.
●	A "brochure" is a catalogue, pamphlet, email, or any other material that contains information on an overseas tour's schedule and activities.
●	"Infant" refers to anybody under the age of two, while "child" refers to anyone beyond the age of two but under the age of twelve. None of the airlines, shipping firms, coaches, hotels, transportation vehicles, restaurants, cooking caravans, or other facilities or services listed in the Brochure are owned or operated by the Company. The Company shall not be responsible for any delay, improper service, standard of service provided by any service provider or any Independent Contractor, or for any injury, death, loss or damage which is caused by the act or default of any hotel, airlines, shipping companies, cruise, coach owners, tour operators who are the Company's independent contractors. The Company does not assume responsibility for any postponement, inadequate service, or quality of services supplied by any service supplier or Independent Contractor, or for any harm, death, lost opportunity, or harm done by the act or omission of any contractor of the Company, such as a hotel, airline, shipping company, cruise line, coach owner, or tour operator. The Company shall not be liable for any conduct or activities of co-travellers or co-passengers that cause harm or damage to the User's life, limb, or property, or that interfere with the enjoyment or availment of the services offered on the outbound journey. The Company, as a simple facilitator, is not accountable for the following:
●	Personal injury, sickness, accident, death, loss, delay, discomfort, increased expenditures, incidental, consequential loss and/or damage, or any sort of theft, regardless of how caused, to the user or anyone travelling with them.
●	Any act, omission, or default of any travel agent, third party, or other person, or any servant or agent hired by them, who may be involved or implicated in providing lodging, refreshment, carriage amenities, or other services for the User or any person travelling with him/her.
●	Loss or damage to baggage or personal possessions, whatsoever caused, including deliberate negligence on the behalf of any individual.
●	whatever delays created in the delivery of the service by the respective service providers.
●	Inability of the airlines to accept Users while possessing booked reservations for any cause, including overbooking, route modification, etc., or difficulty of the hotel to enable check-in despite confirmed reservations for any cause.
●	Any indications of a disagreement with the tour manager.
●	Any claim emerging out of an airport delay, and if the User is needed to wait at the airport or at the hotel for check-in because of a technological snag or any other reason not due primarily to the Company, the Company shall be under no obligation to make any arrangements, such as food or any hotel arrangement, in the occasion of such disruptions.
●	Any losses incurred by the User as a result of events beyond the Company's control. The Company’s total responsibility for any claims resulting directly or indirectly from the trip shall in no circumstances surpass the entire reservation cost paid by the User. There may be extraordinary situations in which service providers, such as airline companies, hotels, or respective transportation providers, are unable to fulfil obligations in relation to confirmed bookings for a variety of reasons, such as weather conditions, civil unrest, financial distress, business exigencies, administrative decisions, technological and operational issues, route and flight cancellations, and so on. If the Company is notified in advance of such instances, it will do its reasonable efforts to offer an equivalent alternative to its User or reimburse the reservation money after appropriate service costs, if supported and repaid by that relevant service operator. The User accepts that the Company is not accountable for any such events as an agent for arranging booking services, and that users must contact the supplier immediately for any additional resolutions or reimbursements. In such cases, the Company's maximum responsibility shall be to reimburse the booking payment, subject to receipt from the service providers.
The following are the rules in relation to the Brochure:
●	All of the material in the Brochure is predicated on what was accessible at the time of publishing. Due to any event(s) outside the Control of a company, the Company retains the right to amend any material included in the Brochure prior to or after booking the outbound tour.
●	If the Company becomes aware of a modification prior to the departure of an outbound tour, it will make every effort to inform the User before the outbound tour departs. If the Company receives information of the modifications after the departure for the outbound tour, the Company booking agent or local agent will notify the User.
●	The prices indicated in the brochure will be determined at the rate in effect at the time the brochure is printed. The Company retains the right to revise the prices written in the brochure in the event of exchange rates, changes in the various gross exchange rates and/or fuel costs, special or peak season charges imposed by suppliers, or increases in airline or rail fares before the date of departure, and to surcharge accordingly. Prior to the User's departure, any price hikes shall be paid in full.
●	Aside from the immediate Terms of Service and User Agreement, some special terms and conditions are listed against each Outbound Tour on the website, in email correspondence, and on validated ticket vouchers. These conditions of use are also part of the Agreement and Terms of Service and must be read in conjunction with one another.
●	Any claim by the User against any modification in the Brochure about the outbound tour will be accepted if such modifications are caused by circumstances beyond the Company’s control.
That the following are the rules and terms for "Meal and Special Requests":
●	The menus with reference to meals on the Outbound Tour are pre-decided. The Brochure clearly indicates the type of the meals. Except as mentioned in the brochure, the Company would not accept a request for a particular meal or guarantee the user a specific diet.
●	The Company maintains the right to amend the menu if situation requires it. If the User is unable to use the meals on the menus for any cause, no claim can be brought against the Company with respect to such meal.
●	The User understands that hotels across the world provide breakfast at various (local) times or at the hours mentioned in the verified reservation voucher. The User is aware that hotels do not provide breakfasts in their rooms. The food must be consumed at the time it is served. If the User skips breakfast for whatever reason, no claim will be accepted.
●	The Company may, in its absolute authority, consider requests for customised meals and room allocations, provided to the relevant service providers honouring such demands. The Company would take all necessary measures to ensure that these unique requirements are met. The Company will not be responsible for any claims made by the User if such particular demands are not met. Any additional costs for special meals or other special demands must be paid by the User.
●	User shall be responsible for any additional expenses incurred as a result of any special meal ordered by him or her and shall have no right to recoup the cost from the Company.
●	If the User does not get the lunch owing to the Company's error, the Company's obligation is limited to the proportional payment made to the Company for the lunch when booking the outbound tour.
The following are the terms and conditions with respect to hotel for Outbound Travel:
●	When selecting the hotels for the Outbound Tour, the Company takes all possible precautions. The hotels chosen are generally the best in their relevant classifications, based on an internal assessment of the hotels. The Company makes every effort to provide the User with accommodation information prior to the suggested itinerary. However, based on availability or any other cause beyond its power, the Company maintains the right to modify hotels before booking.
●	That once User has selected a star category or star rating, the Company will not accept any claims or dispute over such category or star rating.
●	The Company will not be held accountable for, or be required to make good on, any annoyance or discomfort caused to the User as a result of, but not confined to, inadequate services supplied at the hotel. The Company operates as an intermediary between the User and the hotel, and in no situations will it be held liable for the hotel's inadequate service.
●	The User would be responsible for making good any damage(s) made to the hotel's assets by any action of his/her or their accompanying visitors in any form. The degree and cost of the damage would be decided by the hotel in question. The Company shall not intercede in any manner.
●	After the booking is confirmed, no requests for hotel changes will be considered. If the User upgrades or switches the accommodation on his or her own, he or she undertakes to cover the costs of the hotel modification and forgoes the right to claim compensation from the Company.
●	The user is liable for his or her luggage and possessions. The Company shall not be responsible for any harm or destruction of User's belongings during their accommodation in the hotels or at any other point during the tour.
The following are the terms and conditions in relation to the itinerary:
●	Before booking, the Company will offer the User with a planned itinerary. However, this suggested itinerary is possible to change. The confirmed booking information and hotel vouchers provided to the User before to departure and upon full payment of the booking price are final.
●	If the rate changes considerably before departure, the outbound trip price is liable to rise without notice, and the User is expected to pay such additional tour cost before departure.
●	The itinerary's days and nights are based on the availability of both airlines and hotels. There will be no legitimate claims about the complete usage of the last day or inclusion in the trip.
●	When confirming the itinerary for the User, the Company makes all necessary measures to ensure that the itinerary is convenient and comfortable for the User. However, if the itinerary changes, the Company will notify the user prior to the User's departure on the Outbound Tour.
●	If the User's itinerary for an outward trip change after departure due to circumstances without the Company's control, the Company will inform the User as soon as possible. The Company will not be held accountable for any damage suffered by a user as a consequence of such a modification.
●	The Company maintains the right to recover any additional expenditures incurred as a result of any interruptions or modifications in the itinerary.
●	The Company maintains the right to adjust, revise, vary, or withdraw any particular departure, trip, or hotel of equivalent level, or any other feature of the itinerary, if considered advisable or required.
●	If the User skips any activities on the outgoing trip owing to his or her own delays, the Company will not be held obliged to reimburse the payments made for the same.
●	The Company will not consider any modification in the itinerary requested by the User after booking, since such a change may cause the whole trip to be disrupted. However, in its absolute discretion and depending on availability, the Company may grant adjustments to the itinerary requested by the User. The User acknowledges and agrees to cover any additional expenses incurred as a result of the change or cancellation.
The following are the terms and conditions in relation to “Coach and Sitting”:
●	Coaches are employed for transportation and local touring on the Outbound Tours. There are no assigned seat numbers, and Users must follow the tour manager's directions in this respect.
●	If the User is carrying any expensive private items, it is recommended that they do not leave them unattended when departing the coach. In the event that such things are lost from the coach, the Company will not be held accountable or liable. All luggage and personal possessions are the User's concern at all times and in all situations.
●	Any harm to the coach caused by the User's conduct during transit is the user's fault, and the Company is not liable in any manner.
●	Coach drivers are subject to particular restrictions such as maximum driving hours per day/week, rest intervals per day/week, and so on. Users must rigorously stick to the daily itinerary in order for the driver to finish the journey. If any of the sightseeing programs are skipped owing to the User's inconveniences, the cost of the missing schedules will not be returned under any scenario.
●	If any bus or vehicle planned for transportation breaks down, the Company will supply a substitute within a reasonable length of time. The Company will not be responsible for any delays caused by a breakdown or road congestion, or for any other reason that causes a delay in providing a replacement coach or vehicle.
●	Tipping is common in all countries around the globe for services performed (unless otherwise mentioned in the brochure) (e.g., porters, coach drivers, guides, etc.). This, however, is entirely at the User's choice.
●	Tipping is customary in Europe for anybody who offers a service, such as local guides, waiters, tour managers, porters, and so on. However, throughout the length of the tour, it is obligatory to tip the bus driver a nominal sum of 2 euros for Europe and the United Kingdom and 2 dollars for the United States each person, per day.
●	It is advised that the User bring money in both local currency (the currency of the nation to which he or she is travelling) and traveller’s checks or a travel currency card. A traveller’s check is a secure way to carry money since it is quickly cashable for a modest service fee imposed by the financial institution and may be restored if stolen or misplaced as long as you have the traveller’s cheque numbers and the counterfoil.
●	Alternately, the User can take a travel currency card, which is without a doubt the safest option to carry foreign money and gives access to cash at relevant ATMs 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
●	If a booking is made for a minor under the age of twelve without the choice of a separate bed, the hotel is not obligated to offer separate bedding facilities.
The following are the terms and conditions in relation to “bookings through Third-Party/ Travel Agents”
●	When a travel agency for whom the Users have scheduled an outward tour sign the booking form for and on behalf of the Users, it is presumed and interpreted that the Users have lawfully authorised the said service provider to register on their account. The travel agent's signature on the registration form would obligate the User.
●	If the User books through a travel agency, the agreement is with that booking agent, and the Company is a provider to that booking agent.
●	The accurate information on the User's contact data must be given at the time of booking. The Company accepts no liability for any disputes stemming from information not being received if the stated contact number is not accessible or does not pertain to the User.
●	The Company accepts no responsibility for any commitments made to the User by any other travel agency authorised to make reservations by the User. All items and facilities are offered in accordance with the Company's brochures or any other information supplied to the User at the point of trip booking
●	Reimbursement (if any) for reservations made via other travel agencies will be issued to the travel agent authorised by the User to make the reservations.
The following are the terms and conditions for "Deposit Forfeiture":
●	At the time of making the booking of the tour, the Company may request the User to submit a non-refundable, interest-free booking fee.
●	If the User negates the reservation or continues to fail to abide to the trip repayment plan as stipulated in the documentation check list, or if the visa of the destination is not approved, or if the User is unavailable to travel on the tour booking made for any personal issue, which include health grounds or any illness, the Company would then impose cancellation charges as conveyed to the User.
●	The User accepts that reserving flight tickets and accommodations for a tour occurs concurrently with visa processing to ensure availability in accordance with the desired schedule. In the case of a visa denial or refusal, the Company shall be able to recoup any expenses paid in making such arrangements by subtracting the above-mentioned cancellation charges. The User recognises that such costs are appropriate and reasonable, and that they are deducted from expenditures incurred by the Company as a result of making bookings at the User's request and subsequent cancellation or non-travel by the User.
●	All Users going on an outward trip must have a proper visa (including a transit visa) to access all nations they want to visit or transit through as part of the outbound tour.
●	Users who have their visas refused by the relevant consulates shall contact the Company as soon as feasible. The Company will subtract any relevant cancellation fees as well as any extra visa expenditures incurred and reimburse any remaining amount, if any.
●	In the event of refusal, if the user decides to reapply or challenge the visa's refusal, the Company will do so strictly in accordance with the User's directions. The reapplication/appeal will be treated as a new activity, and the User will be required to pay the necessary cost for such a reapplication or appeal, as well as service charges to the Company. The Company would not initiate any visa reapplication unless the user specifically requested it.
The terms and conditions in relation to the cancellation charges: If the Outbound Tour is terminated for any cause, including visa refusal or voluntary cancellations by the User, the cancellation charges outlined in the brochure or itinerary would be applicable. In the lack of such data, the following cancellation fees will be imposed:
S.NO | TIME SPAN DURING WHICH THE CANCELLATION US MADE | CHARGES ---|---|--- 1 | Within a period of 7 days of the scheduled departure | 100% 2 | 14 to 8 days before departure | 75% 3 | 30 to 15 days before departure | 50% 4 | 44 to 31 days before departure | 25% 5 | As per Airline Cancellation policy and DGCA directives |
The following terms & conditions are with respect to “Payment of tour cost”:
●	Payment shall be done in consonance with the payment plan as indicated in the brochure, through an email, or by any other recorded information given at the time of registration.
●	The mode of payment shall be restricted to bank transfer, cheque, demand draft, RTGS, Cash or UPI. That the transactions made through UPI shall be done by the User in consonance with the terms and conditions of the UPI, which are stipulated in the preceding clauses.
●	Such payments must be made in Indian rupees or, if specified in the Company's brochure, in any other currency.
●	If the payment for the booking is made by cheque and the cheque is dishonoured during the presentation before the banker, the company reserves the right to cancel the User's booking and commence appropriate legal proceedings against such a User in line with the law.
●	That the Company has a right to share all the details with the User when the User has discharged all of his liabilities towards the booking amount. In the event that the booking exceeds Rs. 25,000 (Rupees Twenty-Five Thousand Only), and the amount is paid in cash, the User must provide a true copy of the PAN card.
●	The foreign currency aspects of the outward tour will be computed at the current day's exchange rate to determine the price of the trip or reimbursement. And any alteration in the conversion value may affect the price of the trip or the reimbursement amount to vary, and the User is obligated to pay any such adjustments.
●	The Company is under no obligation to provide a separate invoice for each service provided to the User, any traveler, or any third party.
●	The Company is just an intermediary, and any reimbursement for any service(s) not supplied by the service provider or contract workers, or for any other reason that the User is subject to a refund, is contingent on the Company obtaining the funds from the stated service provider. The User agrees that the Company will not be held accountable for any latency or non-refunding of the payment from the particular service supplier or the Company's Independent Contractors. In such cases, the User must take any grievances to the service supplier.
●	In a situation where the User make certain changes with the accommodation, i.e., switches the accommodation during the travel as mentioned under this clause then the Company shall not be liable to refund the User with any amount of money in any manner. The User will be required to pay any additional money that the Company deems suitable as a result of the aforementioned changes to the accommodation.
●	If any payment arising out of the preceding clause is to be made to the company by the user and the User causes delay that is beyond reasonable time, then the User shall pay the pending amount along with the interest rate that the Company will deem appropriate.
●	If the Company adjusts or changes any trip or vacation after it has been scheduled, the User has the choice of continuing with the trip or holiday as modified or changed or accepting any alternate tour or vacation that the Company may provide.
●	In either of the aforementioned instances, the User is not entitled to, and the Company is not responsible for, any penalties, extra charges, or indirect damages suffered by the User. In such situations, the Company's obligation will be restricted to reimbursing the sum of the trip cost to the User after subtracting the real expenditures spent by the Company for the booking, including such visa fees, insurance payments, and other costs as relevant from case-by- case, without interest.
●	The Company may, from period to period, run internal or third-party promotions and special discounts on the travel packages through ads, as well as some Users in the group tour may obtain additional advantages as a result of their access to such discounts and incentives. No claims for such perks from group members shall be recognized if they are not qualified to the discounts or suitable under the campaign.
●	If the Company publishes a travel programme giving a reduction or advantage, the Company has the right to discontinue such a plan or discount at any moment.
The rules & regulations in relation to “tour arrangement & other activities” are as follows:
●	The policies and terms mentioned by such respective businesses should also apply to tour packages such as Carnival, Cosmos, Star Cruise, amusement parks, museums, and so on.
●	It is the User's obligation to arrive at the trip's starting point and enroll with the company's agent, local guide, or tour manager at the designated place, time, and schedule.
●	If a User opts for pre-tour services or any part of such facilities, or airline tickets (the expense of that which is part of the primary trip cost), but fails to participate in the group for the major tour at the appointed time, or negates the tour after utilizing the flight tickets or pre-tour arrangements or a portion of them, it is considered a "no show," and there shall be no reimbursement for the underused pre-tour or primary tour services.
●	The Company cannot be found responsible for any risk to the User's health, security, or well-being that occurs as a result of participating in any or all actions, which include adventurous activities, rides at amusement parks ferry rides, excursions, and any other activity which may present a danger of death or injury, that the User participates in as part of the outbound travel or by himself while on the outbound travel. Any accidental injury or loss, illness, accident, death, or other harm sustained in the conduct of any such activity is solely the User's responsibility and is not responsible to the Company.
●	The Company maintains the right to revoke the tour membership of any User whose conduct is considered likely to disrupt the outward trip's smooth running or endanger the pleasure or security of other customers. The Company is not responsible for any losses caused as a result of such withdrawals.
●	The User must acquire holiday insurance as a condition of booking.
●	A shift through one trip to some other before to the departure of the initially scheduled tour will be viewed as a cancellation of the initial tour and will result in the cancellations costs as mentioned in the preceding clauses, as well as the need to make a new reservation at the current prices.
CONDITIONS RELATED TO SELF-DRIVEN CARS As used in this text, the term "cab" refers to all types of transportation vehicles such as sedans, hatchbacks, sport utility vehicles, multi utility vehicles, and any other vehicle designed to carry passengers. The word "Operator" refers to any corporation involved in the rental of motor vehicles. The Company does not provide or give self-drive taxi services, and the User acknowledges this. It just serves as a conduit for the user to schedule a self-drive cab with the service providers who supply these services. The service contract for the usage of self-drive cabs always exists between the customer and the operator. The User also realises that the Company just displays taxis made accessible on its platform by various providers. The User further acknowledges that the Company should never be referred to as an "operator" in line with the Motor Vehicles Act of 1988 and the Rent a Cab Scheme of 1989. The User knows that the operator delivers the self-drive vehicle service and verifies the reservation made with the operator via the website of the Company or Mobile Application. The reservation is conditional on the customer consenting to the operator's conditions of rental for renting the car, including the supply of original identity documents as necessary for renting the vehicle. The user knows that a valid driver's licence is required to make a reservation. If the user does not have a valid driver's license or fails to present the original for confirmation, the operator is entitled to refuse to hand over the car. The Company simply distributes a confirmation voucher based on the operator's approval on every specific booking. The User also accepts that the payment amount against any specific booking is determined by the operator, and that the Company has no influence in determining any costs. The operator handles the transfer of taxis to Users and the collection of cabs from Users upon conclusion of a booking, and the Company has no role in that procedure. The operator will resolve any concerns that the User encounters when picking up the car. In the event of a disagreement over cab damages, the user and operator must resolve it individually. Any deductions or additional charges, shall be at the operator's discretion. It is the operator's entire obligation to guarantee that it has all of the necessary licences, permissions, insurance, and licenses from the right authorities to offer a taxi for rent. The Company makes no promise or guarantee on the necessary licences, approvals, insurance, and permissions that the operator must get from the authorised authorities. The Company shall not be liable in any way for whatever claims relating to compliance to punctuality, security, cleanliness, and condition of the Cabs, termination of the reservation by the Operators for any cause, discrepancies in the reservation, or any action or error on the part of the Operator. The User further acknowledges that the Company will have no duty or obligation in the event of a mishap or accident that results in vehicle damage, injury, or death. If the taxi breaks down or is involved in an accident and the operator is not able to make reasonable adjustments, the Company has no obligation to reimburse the User. The Company's responsibility to give a proportional return to the User shall be restricted. Such reimbursements are conditional on the Company obtaining them from the operator. That, in addition to the conditions specified in this Agreement, the User will be bound by the terms of such an operator. Currently, the company has agreements with Consolidator such operators, Airline and Hotel. The terms and conditions of such operators can be accessed through the following links: Respective Airline and Hotel websites. The User accepts that, in addition to the booking price imposed by the Operator, the Company may charge an extra fee in the form of a convenience fee or support fee. The additional fees reflect the costs incurred by the Company in arranging such reservations. The User accepts that the aforementioned costs are completely non-refundable. The User also accepts that the sum received by the Company for every specific reservation is transferred on to the Operator, and so the Company cannot be referred to as an Operator simply because it takes payments for any reservation. Unless otherwise specified, the estimate cost supplied at the point of booking is not to be considered as the final pricing. The final fee will be computed depending on the car's verification upon return to the Operator or its agent. Any reimbursements will be issued to the User based on the data gathered by the Operator. In addition to the prices indicated above, the User must pay a Security charge at the time of reservation. The amount paid as a security charge is solely controlled by the operator's rules, and the Company will have no part in establishing the conditions of reimbursement of such a deposit at the time of cab handover. Any reservation is subjected to the cancellation policy specified on the website or mobile application or notified to the user at the point of booking. The User also undertakes to bear expenditures such as tolls, permit fees, parking fees, admission fees, service charges, and any other tax imposed by government agencies. The User also agrees to pay any penalties imposed by any appropriate authority in the case of a breach of any traffic and/or traffic regulations.
CONDITIONS RELATED TO COVID-19 That the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic, and that owing to the emergence of this virus, certain circumstances may develop in which the Service Provider may cancel the User's reservations without notice. The following are the such scenarios:
●	showing any COVID-19 related symptoms.
●	refusing to follow safety precautions such as wearing face masks & shields or adhering to social distance standards, etc.
●	putting others' health and safety at risk In instances mentioned in the preceding clause, the Company will bear no responsibility for the end Service Provider's refusal to provide service. The User additionally acknowledges that any refunds for such reservations will be executed by the Company subject to receipt by the Service Provider. The User acknowledges and agrees to follow and act in compliance with the guidelines established by the Central Government and the respective State Governments to prevent the spread of COVID-19. The User understands that the Central Government, State Governments, and various other bodies may require the downloading of the Arogya Setu App or the submission of a self-declaration form prior to entering a transit point such as an airport, railway station, etc., or when checking-in for a flight, into a hotel, etc. As a result, the User must guarantee that the Arogya Setu App is downloaded on their cell phones or give any other alternative, such as self-declaration, as required.
SEVERABILITY Any term, representation, or warranty of this Agreement that is prohibited or declared to be defective or unenforceable shall be ineffective to the extent of such restriction or unenforceability, without affecting the other parts of this Agreement. Any part, provision, representation, or warranty of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable or is held to be void or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability in such jurisdiction without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof.
JURISDICTION Each party irrevocably accepts that the courts of Gurugram, Haryana, India will have exclusive jurisdiction over any disagreement or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, its subject matter, or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).
CONFIDENTIAL Any information designated as “confidential” by the Company must be kept secret by the User and shall not be divulged unless required by law or to satisfy the purpose of this User Agreement and the duties of both parties hereunder.
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS The Company reserves the right to change or alter this Agreement or any other policies as it sees suitable.
REDRESSAL OF GRIEVANCES If the User has a complaint or a grievance, he or she must contact the Grievances Officer as indicated below. The issue will be taken up immediately by the Grievance Officer for resolution at the earliest. The details of the Grievance Officer are as follows:
NAME: Deepak ADDRESS: 505, Ocus Quantum, Sector 51, Gurugram 120013 EMAIL: deepak@rnrtraveltech.com PHONE NO: 9565989898

